REPORTING BUGS

Your assistance is essential to help improve the program. If you find
a problem with the code, please use the Gitlab issue tracker at:

  https://gitlab.com/siesta-project/siesta/-/issues

Use the "BugReport" template.

(For suggestions of new features and other changes, please use the "Suggestion" template)


Please keep in mind the following guidelines:

-- This procedure is only to report suspected bugs or suggestions for
   improvement of the Siesta code. For other general questions you should
   use the Siesta User's mailing list (See the web page for details).

-- To be useful, bug reports should be as detailed as possible, yet
   concise and to the point.

-- Describe the exact steps you followed to see the problem. You might
   want to include a copy of the fdf file you used in the calculation,
   details about the pseudopotentials, etc, or provide a means for us
   to download the information. If in doubt, do not send large files.
   State the problem in the most concise form possible and we will
   request more info from you.

-- Be specific. Describe what happened and how it differs from what
   should have happened. 

-- If you can show the faulty behavior already in a small test, that
   would be preferable to dealing with it in a production case that
   might take too long to reproduce.

-- Try to check whether the problem is due to a compiler or library
   error, by using a different platform or environment.

-- If you have any idea about how to fix the problem, by all means tell
   us!

-- Please make sure that your bug report includes: 

  - A brief one-line synopsis of the problem in the Subject:

  - The Siesta version in which the problem was found. We can't assume
    that you have the very latest version, and a problem that exists
    in one version may not exist in another. Use the version number
    printed at the top of any output file (also found in file
    version.info in the top directory).

  - The platform on which the problem was found, and the operating
    system and compiler version. State whether the problem appears in
    a serial and/or parallel run. Including your arch.make is also a
    good idea.

-- Please limit your communication to one bug report per issue.


Bug issues will be initially tagged as "bug_report". Later on we
will try to reproduce the bug and maybe request more information in the process.

You will need a Gitlab account. If for whatever reason you cannot use
this channel, you can try to send an email to siesta.tracker@gmail.com, but
note that visibility and agility of response might be lower.

